[Click to Call] Add Click to Call Sample (#131)
Azure-Samples/communication-services-javascript-quickstarts: ui-library-click-to-call/README.md

# Welcome to an Azure Communication Services Click to Call Sample

<img src='./tutorialImages/Sample-app-splash.png' width='1000'>

This project is aimed to teach developers on how to create a Click to Call experience using the Azure Communication UI Library.

Depending on your needs, you might need to create an experience for your customers to be able to get a hold of you with minimal setup on their part.

> Click to call is a concept that is meant for allowing instant interaction with your support, or other customer facing teams. Whether that is reaching out to customer support, a quick call

Reviewer: Click to call is a concept that is meant for allowing instant interaction with your support, or other customer facing teams. Whether that is reaching out to customer support, a quick call with your financial advisor.

could be changed to

Click to call is a concept that is meant for allowing instant interaction, whether that is reaching out to customer support, having a quick call with your financial advisor, or other customer facing teams.
or
Click to call is a concept that is meant for allowing instant interaction. This includes reaching out to customer support, having a quick call with your financial advisor, or other customer facing use cases.

          }}
          onSetDisplayName={setUserDisplayName}
          onSetUseVideo={setUseVideo}
        />
      </Stack>
    </Stack>
  );
};
```

Once we have made this we will need to add the new view to the root of the app `App.tsx`:

`App.tsx`

```typescript
    ...
    switch (page) {
        case 'click-to-call': {
           if (!token || !userId || !locator || startSession === undefined) {
            return (
            <Stack style={{height: '100%', width: '100%'}}>
                <Spinner label={'Getting user credentials from server'} ariaLive="assertive" labelPosition="top" />;
            </Stack>
            )
        }
        return <ClickToCallScreen token={token} userId={userId} callLocator={locator} alternateCallerId={alternateCallerId}/>;
    }
    ...
```

Then if you have done this you should see this when the app is running:

<img src='./tutorialImages/Sample-app-splash.png' width='800'>

Then when you action the widget button you should see:

<img src='./tutorialImages/Sample-app-widget-open.png' width='800'>

Next we will talk about what we need to add to make this experience start a call in a new window.

## Part 2 Creating a New Window Experience

> Now that we have a running application with our widget on the home page we will talk about starting the calling experience for your users with a new window. This scenario allows you to give your customer the ability to browse while still seeing your call in a new window. This can be useful in situations similar to when your users will use video and screensharing.

Reviewer: nit: Now that we have a running application with our widget on the home page, we will ...

  ]);

  console.log(args);

  const afterCreate = (adapter: CallAdapter): Promise<CallAdapter> => {
    adapter.on("callEnded", () => {
      adapter.dispose();
      window.close();
    });
    adapter.joinCall(true);
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => resolve(adapter));
  };

  const adapter = useAzureCommunicationCallAdapter(args, afterCreate);

  if (!adapter) {
    return (
      <Stack
        verticalAlign="center"
        styles={{ root: { height: "100vh", width: "100vw" } }}
      >
        <Spinner
          label={"Creating adapter"}
          ariaLive="assertive"
          labelPosition="top"
        />
      </Stack>
    );
  }
  return (
    <Stack styles={{ root: { height: "100vh", width: "100vw" } }}>
      <CallComposite
        options={{
          callControls: {
            cameraButton: useVideo,
            screenShareButton: useVideo,
            moreButton: false,
            peopleButton: false,
            displayType: "compact",
          },
          localVideoTileOptions: {
            position: !useVideo ? "hidden" : "floating",
          },
        }}
        adapter={adapter}
      />
    </Stack>
  );
};
```

> For our CallComposite we have some configuration to do for Click to Call. Depending on your use case we have a number of customizations that can change the user experience. This sample chooses to hide the local video tile, camera, and screen sharing controls if the user opts out of video for their call. Other customizations seen include in the `afterCreate` function defined in the snippet we auto join the call, this will bypass the configuration screen and drop the user into the call with their mic live. Just remove the call to `adapter.join(true)` and the configuration screen will show as normal. Next we will talk about how to get this screen the information once we have our CallComposite configured.

Reviewer: nit: For our CallComposite, we have ...
Depending on your use case, we have ...

Now we will want to update the splash screen we created earlier. First we will add a reference to the new child window that we will create.

`ClickToCallScreen.tsx`

```typescript
    ...
    const [userDisplayName, setUserDisplayName] = useState<string>();
    const newWindowRef = React.useRef<Window | null>(null);
    const [useVideo, setUseVideo] = useState<boolean>(false);
    ...
```

Next we will create a handler that we pass to our widget that will create a new window that will start the process of sending the post messages.

```typescript
    ...
    const startNewWindow = useCallback(() => {
        const startNewSessionString = 'newSession=true';
        newWindowRef.current = window.open(
            window.origin + `/?${startNewSessionString}`,
            'call screen',
            'width=500, height=450'
        );
    }, []);
    ...
```

> What this handler does is start a new window position and place a new query arg in the window URL so that the main application knows that it is time to start a new call.

Reviewer: nit: This could be simpler. This handler starts a new window position and places a ...

- Register the different fluent icons we use in the UI library as well as some new ones for our purposes

`src/App.tsx`

```typescript
// imports needed
import { CallAdapterLocator } from '@azure/communication-react';
import './App.css';
import { CommunicationIdentifier, CommunicationUserIdentifier } from '@azure/communication-common';
import { Spinner, Stack, initializeIcons, registerIcons } from '@fluentui/react';
import { CallAdd20Regular, Dismiss20Regular } from '@fluentui/react-icons';
```

```typescript
type AppPages = "click-to-call" | "same-origin-call";

registerIcons({
  icons: { dismiss: <Dismiss20Regular />, callAdd: <CallAdd20Regular /> },
});
initializeIcons();
function App() {
  const [page, setPage] = useState<AppPages>("click-to-call");

  /**
   * Token for local user.
   */
  const token = "Enter your Azure Communication Services token here";

  /**
   * User identifier for local user.
   */
  const userId: CommunicationIdentifier = {
    communicationUserId: "<Enter your user Id>",
  };

  /**
   * This decides where the call will be going. This supports many different calling modalities in the Call Composite.
   *

>    * - teams meeting locator: {meetingLike: 'url to join link for a meeting'}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * - teams meeting locator: {meetingLink: 'url to join link for a meeting'}
```

            ariaLive="assertive"
            labelPosition="top"
          />
        </Stack>
      );
    }
    case "same-origin-call": {
      return (
        <Stack verticalAlign='center' style={{ height: "100%", width: "100%" }}>
          <Spinner
            label={"Getting user credentials from server"}
            ariaLive="assertive"
            labelPosition="top"
          />
          ;
        </Stack>
      );
    }
    default: {
      return <>Something went wrong!</>
    }
  }
}

export default App;
```
In this snippet we register two new icons `<Dismiss20Regular/>` and `<CallAdd20Regular>` these new icons will be used inside the widget component that we will be creating later.

### Running the App

We can then test to see that this is working by running:

```bash
# run the React app
npm run start
```

once the app is running you can see it on `http://localhost:3000` in your browser. You should see a little spinner saying: `getting credentials from server` as
a test message.

## Part 1 Creating Your Widget

To get started we are going to make a new component. This component is the widget that you will use to start your calling experience.

> We will be using our own widget setup for this tutorial but you can exapnd the functionality to do more here, for us we will have the widget perform the following actions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will be using our own widget setup for this tutorial but you can expand the functionality to do more here. For us we will have the widget perform the following actions:
```

- Display a custom logo, this can be replaced with another image or branding of your choosing. Feel free to download the image from the code if you would like to use our image.

> - Let the user decide if they want to have video on the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Let the user decide if they want to have video in the call.
```

- Have the user consent to the call possible being recorded.

First we are going to make a new directory `src/components` and in this directory we are going to make a new file called `ClickToCallComponent.tsx`. For the
purpose of this tutorial we will give this component the following properties:

> `ClickToCallComponent.tsx`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`src/components/ClickToCallComponent.tsx`
```

```typescript
export interface clickToCallComponentProps {

>   /**
>    * if provided, will be used to create a new window for call experience. if not provided
>    * will use the current window.
>    */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  /**
   * If provided, onRenderStartCall will be used to create a new window for the call experience.
   * If not provided, the current window will be used.
   */
```

  onRenderStartCall: () => void;
  /**
   * Custom render function for displaying logo.
   * @returns
   */
  onRenderLogo?: () => JSX.Element;
  /**
   * Handler to set displayName for the user in the call.
   * @param displayName
   * @returns
   */
  onSetDisplayName?: (displayName: string | undefined) => void;
  /**
   * Handler to set whether to use video in the call.
   */
  onSetUseVideo?: (useVideo: boolean) => void;
}
```

Each of these callbacks will control different behaviors for the calling experience.

- `onRenderStartCall` - This callback will used to trigger any handlers in your app to do things like create a new window for your calling experience.
- `onRenderLogo` - This will be used as a rendering callback to have a custom logo or image render inside the widget when getting user information.
- `onSetDisplayName` - We will use this callback to set the `displayName` of the participant when they are calling your support center.
- `onSetUseVideo` - Finally, this callback will be used to control for our tutorial whether the user will have camera and screen sharing controls (more on that later).

Next we will set up the widget component:

> `ClickToCallComponent.tsx`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`src/views/ClickToCallComponent.tsx`
```

        <PrimaryButton
          styles={startCallButtonStyles(theme)}
          onClick={() => {
            if (displayName && consentToData) {
              onSetDisplayName(displayName);
              onRenderStartCall();
            }
          }}
        >
          StartCall
        </PrimaryButton>
      </Stack>
    );
  }

  /** default waiting state for the widget */
  return (
    <Stack
      horizontalAlign="center"
      verticalAlign="center"
      styles={clickToCallContainerStyles(theme)}
      onClick={() => {
        setWidgetState("setup");
      }}
    >
      <Stack
        horizontalAlign="center"
        verticalAlign="center"
        style={{
          height: "4rem",
          width: "4rem",
          borderRadius: "50%",
          background: theme.palette.themePrimary,
        }}
      >
        <Icon iconName="callAdd" styles={callIconStyles(theme)} />
      </Stack>
    </Stack>
  );
};
```

### Time For Some Styles

Once you have your component you will need some styles to give it some looks. For this we will create a new folder `src/styles` here we will create a new file called `ClickToCallComponent.styles.ts` and we will add the following styles.

> `ClickToCallComponent.styles.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`src/styles/ClickToCallComponent.styles.ts`
```

          />
        </Stack>

        <Text>
          Welcome to a Click to Call sample for the Azure Communications UI
          Library. Sample has the ability to:
        </Text>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Adhoc call teams users with a tenant set that allows for external
            calls
          </li>
          <li>Joining Teams interop meetings as a Azure Communications user</li>
          <li>Make a click to call PSTN call to a help phone line</li>
          <li>Join a Azure Communications group call</li>
        </ul>
        <Text>
          As a user all you need to do is click the widget below, enter your
          display name for the call - this will act as your caller id, and
          action the <b>start call</b> button.
        </Text>
      </Stack>
      <Stack
        horizontal
        tokens={{ childrenGap: "1.5rem" }}
        style={{ overflow: "hidden", margin: "auto" }}
      >
        <ClickToCallComponent
          onRenderLogo={() => {
            return (
              <img
                style={{ height: "4rem", width: "4rem", margin: "auto" }}
                src={hero}
                alt="logo"
              />
            );

>           }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          }}
        onRenderStartCall={() => {}}
```

>         <ClickToCallComponent
>           onRenderLogo={() => {
>             return (
>               <img
>                 style={{ height: "4rem", width: "4rem", margin: "auto" }}
>                 src={hero}
>                 alt="logo"
>               />
>             );
>           }}
>           onSetDisplayName={setUserDisplayName}
>           onSetUseVideo={setUseVideo}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <ClickToCallComponent
          onRenderLogo={() => {
            return (
              <img
                style={{ height: "4rem", width: "4rem", margin: "auto" }}
                src={hero}
                alt="logo"
              />
            );
          }}
          onRenderStartCall={() => {}}
          onSetDisplayName={setUserDisplayName}
          onSetUseVideo={setUseVideo}
```

        />
      </Stack>
    </Stack>
  );
};
```

> This page has some general information on it for what our calling experiences can currently do. Also as we can see it is adding the widget component that we created earlier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page has some general information on it for what our calling experiences can currently do. We can also see that it is adding the widget component that we created earlier.
```

                <Spinner label={'Getting user credentials from server'} ariaLive="assertive" labelPosition="top" />;
            </Stack>
            )
        }
        return <ClickToCallScreen token={token} userId={userId} callLocator={locator} alternateCallerId={alternateCallerId}/>;
    }
    ...
```

Then if you have done this and set the arguments we defined in `App.tsx` you should see this when the app is running with `npm run start`:

<img src='./tutorialImages/Sample-app-splash.png' width='800'>

Then when you action the widget button you should see:

<img src='./tutorialImages/Sample-app-widget-open.png' width='800'>

Yay! We have made the control surface for the widget! Next we will talk about what we need to add to make this widget start a call in a new window.

## Part 2 Creating a New Window Experience

Now that we have a running application with our widget on the home page we will talk about starting the calling experience for your users with a new window. This scenario allows you to give your customer the ability to browse while still seeing your call in a new window. This can be useful in situations similar to when your users will use video and screensharing.

> To start we will create a new view in the `src/views` folder called `NewWindowCallScreen.tsx`. This new screen will be used by the `App.tsx` file to go into a new call with the arguments provided to it using our `CallComposite`. The `CallComposite` can be swapped with a stateful client and UI component experience if desired as well, but that will not be covered in this tutorial. See our [storybook documentation](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/quickstarts-statefulcallclient--page) for more information about the stateful client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start we will create a new view in the `src/views` folder called `NewWindowCallScreen.tsx`. This new screen will be used by the `App.tsx` file to go into a new call with the arguments provided to it using our `CallComposite`. The `CallComposite` can be swapped with a stateful client and UI component experience if desired as well, but that will not be covered in this tutorial.
```

Remove storybook link due to beta vs stable version mismatch. We can discuss this further as a team on how to tackle this specific scenario "linking stateful client" storybook page to current features.

Author: I think that this should be fine, since its a stable dependency. I don't see a reason that this would break in the widget experience since they already did the setup when they started this tutorial with the beta flavor.

> `NewWindowCallScreen.tsx`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`src/views/NewWindowCallScreen.tsx`
```

    CallComposite,
    useAzureCommunicationCallAdapter
} from '@azure/communication-react';
import { Spinner, Stack } from '@fluentui/react';
import React, { useMemo } from 'react';
```
```typescript
export const SameOriginCallScreen = (props: {
  adapterArgs: {
    userId: CommunicationUserIdentifier;
    displayName: string;
    token: string;
    locator: CallAdapterLocator;
    alternateCallerId?: string;
  };
  useVideo: boolean;
}): JSX.Element => {
  const { adapterArgs, useVideo } = props;

  const credential = useMemo(() => {
    try {
      return new AzureCommunicationTokenCredential(adapterArgs.token);
    } catch {
      console.error("Failed to construct token credential");
      return undefined;
    }
  }, [adapterArgs.token]);

  const args = useMemo(() => {
    return {
      userId: adapterArgs.userId,
      displayName: adapterArgs.displayName,
      credential,
      token: adapterArgs.token,
      locator: adapterArgs.locator,
      alternateCallerId: adapterArgs.alternateCallerId,
    };
  }, [
    adapterArgs.userId,
    adapterArgs.displayName,
    credential,
    adapterArgs.token,
    adapterArgs.locator,
    adapterArgs.alternateCallerId,
  ]);

>   console.log(args);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  const afterCreate = (adapter: CallAdapter): Promise<CallAdapter> => {
    adapter.on("callEnded", () => {
      adapter.dispose();
      window.close();
    });
    adapter.joinCall(true);
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => resolve(adapter));
  };

  const adapter = useAzureCommunicationCallAdapter(args, afterCreate);

  if (!adapter) {
    return (
      <Stack
        verticalAlign="center"
        styles={{ root: { height: "100vh", width: "100vw" } }}
      >
        <Spinner
          label={"Creating adapter"}
          ariaLive="assertive"
          labelPosition="top"
        />
      </Stack>
    );
  }
  return (
    <Stack styles={{ root: { height: "100vh", width: "100vw" } }}>
      <CallComposite
        options={{
          callControls: {
            cameraButton: useVideo,
            screenShareButton: useVideo,
            moreButton: false,
            peopleButton: false,
            displayType: "compact",
          },
          localVideoTileOptions: {
            position: !useVideo ? "hidden" : "floating",
          },
        }}
        adapter={adapter}
      />
    </Stack>
  );
};
```

> For our `CallComposite` we have some configuration to do for Click to Call. Depending on your use case we have a number of customizations that can change the user experience. This sample chooses to hide the local video tile, camera, and screen sharing controls if the user opts out of video for their call. We also in addition to these configurations on the `CallComposite` use the `afterCreate` function defined in the snippet we auto join the call. This will bypass the configuration screen and drop the user into the call with their mic live, as well will auto close the window when the call ends. Just remove the call to `adapter.join(true);` from the `afterCreate` function and the configuration screen will show as normal. Next we will talk about how to get this screen the information once we have our `CallComposite` configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For our `CallComposite` we have some configuration to do for Click to Call. Depending on your use case we have a number of customizations that can change the user experience. This sample chooses to hide the local video tile, camera, and screen sharing controls if the user opts out of video for their call. We also, in addition to these configurations on the `CallComposite`, use the `afterCreate` function defined in the snippet to auto join the call. This will bypass the configuration screen and drop the user into the call with their microphone on/live, as well as auto closing the window when the call ends. 

To display the configuration screen as normal, remove `adapter.join(true);` from the `afterCreate` function. Next we will talk about how to get this screen the information once we have our `CallComposite` configured.
```

        );
    }, []);
    ...
```

What this handler does is start a new window position and place a new query arg in the window URL so that the main application knows that it is time to start a new call.

Next we will add a `useEffect` hook that is creating a event handler listening for new post messages from the child window.

`ClickToCallScreen.tsx`
```typescript
    ...
    useEffect(() => {
        window.addEventListener('message', (event) => {
            if (event.origin !== window.origin) {
                return;
            }
            if (event.data === 'args please') {
                const data = {
                    userId: adapterParams.userId,
                    displayName: adapterParams.displayName,
                    token: adapterParams.token,
                    locator: adapterParams.locator,
                    alternateCallerId: adapterParams.alternateCallerId,
                    useVideo: useVideo
                };
                console.log(data);
                newWindowRef.current?.postMessage(data, window.origin);
            }
        });
    }, [adapterParams, adapterParams.locator, adapterParams.displayName, useVideo]);
    ...

> ```

Reviewer 2: This code needs to come after `const adapterParams` in the ClickToCallScreen.tsx

Finally on this screen we will add the `startNewWindow` handler to the widget so that it knows to create the new window.

```typescript
    ...
    <Stack horizontal tokens={{ childrenGap: '1.5rem' }} style={{ overflow: 'hidden', margin: 'auto' }}>
        <ClickToCallComponent
            onRenderStartCall={startNewWindow}
            onRenderLogo={() => {
                return (
                    <img
                        style={{ height: '4rem', width: '4rem', margin: 'auto' }}
                        src={hero}
                        alt="logo"
                    />
                );
            }}
            onSetDisplayName={setUserDisplayName}
            onSetUseVideo={setUseVideo}
        />
    </Stack>
    ...
```

Next we will need to update the `App.tsx` file to listen for and ask for the messages from what would be the parent window. First to start, you might recall that we added a new query parameter to the URL of the application `newSession=true`. To use this and have our app look for that in the URL we will need to create a utility function to parse out that parameter so our application will behave differently when it is received.

> To do that lets add a new folder `src/utils` and in this folder we will add the file `AppUtils.ts`. In this file we will put the following function:

Reviewer 2: Reworded so that "we will need to update App.tsx" is not the first thing we read. We should read that we will be modifying the src/utils/AppUtils.tsx file next inorder to have App.tsx do it's thing.

`AppUtils.ts`

```typescript
/**
 * get go ahead to request for adapter args from url
 * @returns
 */
export const getStartSessionFromURL = (): boolean | undefined => {
  const urlParams = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
  return urlParams.get("newSession") === "true";
};
```

This function will take a look into our applications URL and see if the param we are looking for is there. You can also stick some other parameters in there

As well we will want to add a new type in here to track the different pieces needed to create a `AzureCommunicationCallAdapter`. This type can also be simplified if you are using our calling stateful client, this approach will not be covered in this tutorial though.

> ```typescript

Reviewer 2: Missing imports
import { CallAdapterLocator } from "@azure/communication-react";
import { CommunicationIdentifier } from '@azure/communication-common';

/**
 * Properties needed to create a call screen for a Azure Communications CallComposite.
 */
export type AdapterArgs = {
  token: string;
  userId: CommunicationIdentifier;
  locator: CallAdapterLocator;
  displayName?: string;
  alternateCallerId?: string;
};
```

Once we have added these two things we can go back to the `App.tsx` file to make some more updates.

First thing we will want to do is update `App.tsx` to use that new utility function that we created above, we will want to use a `useMemo` hook for this so that it is fetched exactly once and not at every render. That is done like so:

`App.tsx`
```typescript
// you will need to add these imports
...
import { AdapterArgs, getStartSessionFromURL } from './utils/AppUtils';
...
```

```typescript
...

>   const startSession = useMemo(() => {

Reviewer 2: Will need to import useMemo from React.

    return getStartSessionFromURL();
  }, []);
...
```

> Then, after we have added that we will want to add a event listener like we did earlier to the `ClickToCallScreen.tsx` to the `App.tsx` listening for post messages. Like before we will put it in a `useEffect` hook, this time though we will leave the dependency array empty so that we only add this listener one time on the initial render.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We now want to add an event listener to `App.tsx` to listen for post messages. Insert a `useEffect` hook with an empty dependency array so that we add the listener only once on the initial render.
```

```typescript

> ...

Reviewer 2: Missing imports
  const [adapterArgs, setAdapterArgs] = useState<AdapterArgs | undefined>();
  const [useVideo, setUseVideo] = useState<boolean>(false);

With this new window experience your users will be able to:
- continue using other tabs in their browser or other applications and still be able to see your call
- resize the window to fit their viewing needs such as increasing the size to better see a screen share

This concludes the tutorial for click to call with a new window experience. Below will be a optional step to embed the calling surface into the widget itself keeping your users on their current page.
## Part 3 (Optional) Embedding Your Calling Experience

Finally in this optional section of the tutorial we will talk about making a embedded version of the Calling surface. We will continue from where we left off in the last section and make some modifications to our existing screens. 

To start lets take a look at the props for the `ClickToCallComponent.tsx` props, these will need to be updated to have the widget hold the Calling surface. We will make two changes.
- Add a new prop for the adapter arguments needed for the `AzureCommunicationCallAdapter`.
- Make `onRenderStartCall` optional, this will allow us to come back to using a new window easier in the future.

`ClickToCallComponent.tsx`

```typescript

> export interface clickToCallComponentProps {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export interface ClickToCallComponentProps {
```

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Tutorial

Following this tutorial will:

> - Allow you to control your customers Audio and video experience depending on your customer scenario

Reviewer: nit: Audio should not be capitalized

- Move your customers call into a new window so they can continue browsing while on the call

This tutorial will be broken down into 3 parts:

- Creating your widget
- using post messaging to start a calling experience in a new window
- Embed your calling experience

### Setup the project

If you are not creating a new application you can skip this step.

To setup the react App, we will use the create-react-app template. This `create-react-app` command
creates an easy to run Typescript application powered by React. This command will also install the
Azure Communication Services packages that we need to run the sample as well.

```bash
# Create an Azure Communication Services App powered by React.
npx create-react-app ui-library-click-to-call-app --template communication-react

# Change to the directory of the newly created App.
cd ui-library-click-to-call-app
```

> Once you have run these commands you will be in your new project ready to get started. For this tutorial we will be modifying the files in the

Reviewer: nit: Once you run these commands, you will ...

> Once you have run these commands you will be in your new project ready to get started. For this tutorial we will be modifying the files in the

Reviewer: nit: For this tutorial, we will be modifying ...

`src` directory.

### Initial App Setup

> To get us started we will replace the provided `app.tsx` content with a main page that will:

Reviewer: nit: To get us started, we will replace the provided `App.tsx` content ...

- Store all of the Azure Communication information that we need to create a CallAdapter to power our Calling experience
- Control the different pages of our application
- Register the different fluent icons we use in the UI library as well as for our purposes

`src/App.tsx`

```typescript
type AppPages = "click-to-call" | "same-origin-call";

registerIcons({
  icons: { dismiss: <Dismiss20Regular />, callAdd: <CallAdd20Regular /> },
});
initializeIcons();
function App() {
  const [page, setPage] = useState<AppPages>("click-to-call");

  /**
   * Token for local user.
   */

>   const token = "Enter your Azure Communication Services token here";

Reviewer: Should add angled brackets to placeholder string to be consistent

  /**
   * User identifier for local user.
   */
  const userId: CommunicationIdentifier = {
    communicationUserId: "<Enter your user Id>",
  };

  /**
   * This decides where the call will be going. This supports many different calling modalities in the Call Composite.
   *
   * - teams meeting locator: {meetingLike: 'url to join link for a meeting'}
   * - Azure communications group call: {groupId: 'GUID that defines the call'}
   * - Azure Communications Rooms call: {roomId: 'guid that represents a rooms call'}
   * - teams adhoc, Azure communications 1:n, PSTN calls all take a participants locator: {participantIds: ['Array of participant id's to call']}
   *
   * You can call teams voice apps like a Call queue with the participants locator.
   */
  const locator: CallAdapterLocator = {

>     participantIds: ["<Enter a Participants Id here>"],

Reviewer: nit: ["<Enter participant Ids here>"]

   *
   * This can be left alone if not making a PSTN call.
   */
  const alternateCallerId = "<Enter your alternate CallerId here>";

  switch (page) {
    case "click-to-call": {
      if (!token || !userId || !locator || startSession === undefined) {
        return (
          <Stack style={{ height: "100%", width: "100%" }}>
            <Spinner
              label={"Getting user credentials from server"}
              ariaLive="assertive"
              labelPosition="top"
            />
            ;
          </Stack>
        );
      }
    }
    case "same-origin-call": {
      if (!adapterArgs) {
        return (
          <Stack style={{ height: "100%", width: "100%" }}>
            <Spinner
              label={"Getting user credentials from server"}
              ariaLive="assertive"
              labelPosition="top"
            />
            ;
          </Stack>
        );
      }
    }
  }
}

export default App;
```

### Running the App

We can then test to see that this is working by running:

```bash
# run the React app
npm run start
```

> once the app is running you can see it on `http://localhost:3000` in your browser. You should see a little spinner saying: `getting credentials from server` as

Reviewer: nit: Once, the app is running, you can ...

a test message.

## Part 1 Creating Your Widget

> To get started we are going to make a new component. This component is the widget that you will use to start your calling experience.

Reviewer: nit: To get started, we are ...

> First we are going to make a new directory `src/components` and in this directory we are going to make a new file called `ClickToCallComponent.tsx`. For the

Reviewer: nit: First, we are ...
